Update manager ClusterRole configuration (#631)
kyma-project/istio: docs/user/technical-reference/05-10-istio-controller-rbac.md

> # Istio Controller RBAC configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Istio Controller RBAC Configuration
```

> Security is paramount, so we strictly follow the least privilege principle with the Istio Controller. While it needs permissions to manage Istio resources effectively, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Security is paramount, so Istio Controller strictly follows the least privilege principle. While it needs permissions to manage Istio resources effectively, 
```

> we carefully tailor them to specific tasks, avoiding unnecessary escalation to the level of all created resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
they're carefully tailored to specific tasks, avoiding unnecessary escalation to the level of all created resources.
```

> As the Istio Controller orchestrates the deployment of Istio components, it necessitates comprehensive management privileges for Istio resources. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As Istio Controller orchestrates the deployment of Istio components, it necessitates comprehensive management privileges for Istio resources. 
```

These privileges must mirror the access control levels accorded to the resources themselves, ensuring seamless operation.

> ## Elevated permissions for Clusterroles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Elevated Permissions for ClusterRoles
```

Istio's installation grants the `istiod-clusterrole-istio-system` broad permissions by using `*` verbs for accessing the `ingresses/status` resource in the `networking.k8s.io` API group.

> The ClusterRole of the Istio controller therefore also requires broad cluster role permissions ('*').

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ClusterRole of Istio Controller therefore also requires broad cluster role permissions (`*`).
```
